#The constitution of hackerspace
 
##Article I  General Principle

Section 1

The hackerspaces purpose is:

- to realize creative value, carry forward the spirit of innovation, spread  ideas of open source.
With other makers and creating organization concentric, promote world creating career development.

Section 2

To achieve the goal, members shall obey  the following principles:
- all members are equal, enjoy equal rights in the use of resources.
- each member should fulfill its obligations according to the constitution, to ensure the rights and interests of all members.
-  should do its best to help  members of  the hackerspace in accordance with the constitution .
- products made by using the open source shouldn’t be closed source.

Section 3

Hackerspace  is a non-profit organization consisting of online spaces, entities under the line and members.

Section 4

The project is the key of hackerspace.






























































































Chong charter passenger space
Preface
Implement innovation and sharing, collaborative spirit, I hit off in this manifesto:

Since the birth of the Internet, more frequent collisions innovative ideas, each
Class, a customer organization emerged, forming a record passenger space.
Therefore, the development of the present Charter, the Charter as an element, providing a model for all established record passenger space.

Since the birth of the Internet, more frequent collisions innovative ideas, openness and sharing of resources increasingly valued, people have gathered together the spirit of equality, a customer organization emerged, forming a record passenger space.
Since the birth of Internet, the tendency toward the frequent collision innovative ideas occurring, openness and sharing of resources valued and people with the faith of equality gathered rises more vigorously than ever, which promote the emerging of customer organizations and the foundation of record passenger space.
We are convinced that creating passenger space sharing, collaboration and innovative ideas are the future of information technology. So by 2015 XLP activities, we have developed this Charter Tsinghua University. We hope that as the yuan charter charter can provide a reference for all established record passenger space.
We share the same belief that creating passenger space sharing, collaboration and innovative ideas shall be the future tendency of information technology. So by 2015 XLP activities, we have developed this Charter Tsinghua University. We hope that as the yuan charter charter can provide a reference for all established record passenger space.








Chapter I General Provisions
Article

The Purposes of Passenger Space is:
- Actualizing the value of creativity, promoting the spirit of innovation, dissemination of ideas open source.
- With other organizations to create customer and create customer concentric, pushing off the world record career development.
- (替换上句)Resolving to combine the efforts together with other create customers and create customer concentrics, promoting the world record career development.
前半句还有一个问题是concentric不是一个名词，不过我担心这是你们的统一用法就没改，高亮是后面写push off的同学请自行百度，我没见过这个表述以为你百度翻译出来的，结果百度之后发现……

Article

To achieve this objective, the members shall act in accordance with the following principles:
- The members are equal and have equal rights to use resources.
- Members to fulfill their obligations under the present Charter are responsible to ensure that the interests of all members.
- Each member of the passenger space for creating provisions under the present Charter to take action, should make every effort to assist.
- Each member of the agreement made by the open source and closed source products can not.

Article

Passenger space by creating online space, line space and space-member non-profit organization.
Article

Project is to create space for the operation of the core customer.
Chapter members
The first way, and added authentication

Member ID number to make an application by way of real-name registration, and there will be members of the security sector to apply for certification.
All members are free to join the right space and exit space.
Disclaimer need to complete the registration of the space provided.
The second member of the right

All the members have in this digital platform personal space.
All members in a personal space to share open source products, narrative function of the product, the space will be open to the public by the user to fill in the code of the function.
Members can take advantage of personal space, find their project partners.
Members may enter into agreements with other members through personal space, to obtain the agreement is not signed cc products.
Members can get from open source products to share space on a common platform space.
Members can participate in the next space organized online and offline activities, offline activities require advance registration online.
Members can use the resources in the space of an application through the line.
Obligations under Article 3 members

Members of the obligation to pay contributions.
Members take advantage of this platform to provide the results of the open-source products are being asked to share in this open-source platform.
By using this platform open source products to draw any outcome resulting profits should be paid to this platform, according to the agreement.
Members should maintain under the platform and online and offline resources.
Chapter III online space
Constitute the first line of space

The online space is hit off Union website, including front and rear.
The front passenger space, creating websites include include:
1. The record passenger's personal space, you can publish your personal interests and ideas, development of products, ongoing projects;
2. repository search engine, used to search for a specific idea and other open source products and projects.
Creating space for rear passengers, including:
1. Database, the integration of all members of the open source products, and storage and display sub-categories, categories include but are not limited to code and hardware programs, projects to complete the process.
2. Search engine algorithms.
The second line of the function space

- Online space is mainly used for the exchange of digital identity authentication and management, project records and displays and members.

Article online space agreement

1. The agreement in principle:

This protocol is based on the open-source advocate and the protection of intellectual property rights and other rights of the author, and to respect the rights of the original author's statement as a precondition to all databases open source products free for non-commercial use of the passenger space is open to members of all creators.

2. The author's interests statement:

1. The record passenger space can be set in one of six members of the declaration of interests to themselves as the original author of the source files and code:

(1) signature (BY);

(2) signature (BY) - Share Alike (SA);

(3) Attribution (BY) - No Derivative Works (ND);

(4) the signature (BY) - non-commercial (NC);

(5) signature (BY) - non-commercial (NC) - Share Alike (SA);

(6) Attribution (BY) - non-commercial (NC) - No Derivative (SA).

2. For the signature (BY), Share Alike (SA), No Derivative Works (ND), a non-commercial (NC) explanation:

(1) signature (BY): Users can copy, distribute, exhibitions, performances, screenings, broadcast or distribute this work through the information network, but users in the manner specified by the author must attribute the work;

(2) Share Alike (SA): The user can freely copy, distribute, display and perform this work, but if the user changes, change or change this works only in compliance with this work under the same licensing terms, in order to spread Watercolor generated derived therefrom;

(3) No Derivative Works (ND): The user can freely copy, distribute, display and perform the work, but may not alter, transform or change this work;

(4) non-commercial use (NC): The user can freely copy, distribute, display and perform the work, but not for the purpose of commercial use of this work.

3. Based on record passenger space Apache License:
- Users should be based on open source products to create space for the use of passenger charter developed by The Apache Software Foundation Apache License agreement as a criterion.

4. The use of open-source product commercialization agreement:

(1) When the record passenger space to themselves as members of the author's source files and code set Attribution (BY), Attribution (BY) - Share Alike (SA) or signature (BY) - No Derivative Works (ND) terms as when the license terms under this specification can be based on the commercial use of their own files or code to make statements of interest.

(2) The specification: the author must sign off on creating space Apache Licence; after the user to obtain the original author authorization code or files owned by the user to change it all; the percentage of the original author declaration of interest shall not exceed its file accounts the percentage of users of the product stream.

(3) The author may own files or interests of each code were to make a statement, a statement by the public shall not be altered; authorization has been issued may not be revoked.

5. Upload provides online spatial database:

Visitors can create a personal space to upload data to any personal space size is determined by the record passenger levels.
Create customer can choose to open some of the content, and the interests of the statement signed by the author. Open content is subject to staff review of related industries. After consent to extract the appropriate keywords, corresponding evaluation given the appropriate incentives to upload.
6. hit off meeting

Chong-off meeting is the main platform to create a line under the passenger space is essential to ensure the good functioning of record passenger space.
Conference include: ideas (brainstorming), project progress reports, creative presentation, building projects.
Chong-off meeting held at least once a week, performed on a digital platform, members of voluntary participation.
7. create customer projects

Chong-off project is a member of the creative ways to achieve the basic unit and also create core passenger space.
Project members record passenger space by creating a formal guest members. Filed by the members of the project in creating customer meetings, started running after the vote.
Create customer projects must be registered on a digital platform, including project information and registration project members, as well as all favorable for this project to share information.
Projects shall be set off to create an open protocol, in order to guarantee the right projects and the members of the project open.
Members of the project should be changed every recording on a digital platform to meet the needs of an open platform.
Chapter IV line under the entity
Constitute the first line under the entity

Off the line entity by creating studio space and other physical components.
Function under the second line entity

Required to provide the necessary resources to complete the project as a member.
Members need to provide environmental offered exchange activities.
The need for members to invite expert lectures.
The results show the need to establish district publicity hit off culture.
Use the following third line entities

Members need to apply in advance online platform for the right to use the work space and the necessary tools.
Chapter violation penalties
First, sanctions

Reward and punishment system:
1 pair of outstanding members of the project, will be the level of increase, the higher level of activity in the next line will get more favorable terms.
2-line project activities under relatively high output and input of the project team, a passenger space them a certain amount of reward.
3 to create space off the destruction of facilities, a fine equivalent to twice the value of the destroyed facilities, fine and a warning note (ie demoted), three times the number of warnings delete account.
4 For others without their permission to enter the personal space of record passenger, if it did not cause the loss and did not disclose the information to others, freeze the account period, otherwise delete the account, in serious cases related to criminally punishable.
5 pairs do not pay off the space to create space off the record member contributions, cancel all its privileges, after payment of dues to restore all its rights.
Six pairs of results obtained using this platform to the open source profits, if the profits available to the platform, remove its account.
Seven pairs of malicious use of invasive passenger space bug creator passengers, if less serious, at the time warned that if the circumstances are serious, delete its account.
8 For the record off of violations of laws and regulations, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations of People's Republic of China for processing.









Chapter VI Foreign Exchange
Foreign exchange project

In principle:

Received from other creators passenger space program after the end of the information should still be uploaded to the digital platform, in order to protect shared the project.
Pushed to the other space projects, this obligation to protect their shared space, and infringe on the intellectual property of others when providing support for their rights. #### Process:
Get an item from another space: (1) apply: This space will want to apply for project members need to fill in the record (the record format see Appendix) and upload it to this space for foreign exchange department. (2) Completion: The procedure is the same process at the same direct the project. (3) knot: Fill knot record and upload them to foreign exchange department.
The push outside the space program: (1) apply: other creators passenger space need to first submit an application by the foreign exchange department of the company for the record, considered and decided by the foreign exchange department. (2) Finish: During the process of recording projects to be submitted to the digital platform. (3) Evaluation: record levels of foreign exchange department will evaluate the applicant in accordance with the process of digital platforms, and gives the corresponding scoring.
Rating Scale effect: (1) score higher passenger space when other creators of this space resource exchange, enjoys a higher priority or preferential. (2) the record low score passenger space application projects to this space is limited. Foreign exchange ### #### hardware resources other creators passenger space and want to exchange this space, the need to submit the application form (form see appendix) to the Foreign Exchange Department of the space consideration. Foreign Exchange Department will decide on the application form and other history score. #### Members of the space when I want to use other space hardware resources, the Ministry of foreign exchange required to submit the application form (form see Appendix), for consideration by the Department to apply for additional space. ### Other forms of communication exchanges with universities ####: The space will invite university researchers, experienced record passenger or factory technician lecture.
Foreign exchange hardware resources

For other creators passenger space exchanges and this space is required when submitting the application form (see Appendix format) to this space for foreign exchange department for consideration. Foreign Exchange Department will decide on the application form and other history score.

To take advantage of this space to other members of the space hardware resources, the need to submit an application to the Ministry of Foreign exchange table (see Appendix format), for consideration by the Department to apply to other spaces.

Chapter VII of the Charter amendments
Managers

A level authority staff, space builders and more than three years in space management and staff A and get permission to authorized personnel.
Class B staff privileges: voluntary participation of all ### management staff constitutional classification
Charter modifications are divided into one, two, three, modify permissions for different needs of different modification level.
The basic idea of a charter for the basic functions, personnel permission changes, including constitutional way.
Secondary to modify specific mode of operation of the space, and does not include constitutional way.
Levels to improve space platform interface, bug fixes and technology.
Modify permissions classification

Level permissions: more than 80% A-level management personnel to participate and more than 80% of participants agreed that the meeting was a decision.
Secondary rights: At least one A-level management personnel and more than 50% B-level management members meeting and get all A-level members and more than 85% B grade staff meeting and approved the decision in public and no more than 30% a month. A officers denied.
Three rights: 50% of B-level permissions officer or a Class A license can be.
Specific changes the way

Everything is subject to the appropriate permissions to modify the license, and does not suffer the same level or higher denied.
- Everything changes and the need for full public record.
Note: This refers to the open-source products mentioned charter space to share code, drawings and other knowledge products.